docs: update docs for top level await (#6832)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/experiments.mdx

  },
};
```

### experiments.topLevelAwait

> `boolean`

Reviewer: This is how we represent the default value.

```suggestion
`boolean = true`
```

> The `topLevelAwait` experiment transforms a module into an async module when an `await` is used at the top level. Starting from version `5.83.0`, this feature is enabled by default. However, in versions prior to that, you can enable it by setting `experiments.topLevelAwait` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `topLevelAwait` option transforms a module into an `async` module when an `await` is used at the top level. Starting from webpack version `5.83.0`, this feature is enabled by default. However, in versions prior to that, you can enable it by setting `experiments.topLevelAwait` to `true`.
```
